# project-repo

Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is a very important factor in creating a successful website. Getting more visibility can lead to more traffic and ultimately more revenue. It is important to not only improve the traffic volume to the website but also optimize the visit to purchase/action ratio. There are touchpoints in any webpage that can add metadata or improve an users experience. Running a series of regressions can identify the significant factors that lead to a desired result which will allow efficiencies to improve factors that are actually important. After determining significant factors another technique that can be utilized is random forest which will help develop a more robust model since it relies on multiple factors to make a decision thus improving accuracy.

The implementation plan for SEO would be first to include links to social media and other sites that pertain to my company/identify which would add additional links by association. The next step would be to review current competitors or related websites that are popular using a diverse set of search engines: google, bing, webcrawler, etc. I would inspect the page layout of several of the top results to look for consistent keyworks. There are also several free tools to provide keyword associations driven by data analysis. It would then be necessary to determine what makes my website unique and exploit it. Adding additional keywords and metadata in the website as well as leveraging heat maps would help identify how to optimize the user experience.
